README.md, before:

## 👋 Hey, I'm Amr Ahmed Mohiry!

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/amr-mohiry-17710a217?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app"><img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/amrmohiry-bit"><img align="left" alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-black?logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>

🎯 **Junior Front-End Developer**  
💻 I build responsive, modern websites and interactive user experiences with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.

<br />

---

### 🛠️ Languages & Technologies

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="HTML5" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="CSS3" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="React" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="Node.js" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="Git" height="40" />
</p>

---

### 💻 About Me

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Front-End Projects**
- 🌱 I’m learning **Advanced JavaScript & React**
- 👨‍💻 Most of my projects are on **GitHub**
- 💬 Ask me about **HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React**
- 📫 Let’s connect on **LinkedIn**

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Amr’s GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=amrmohiry-bit&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=amrmohiry-bit&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)

---

### 🚀 Projects

Check my repositories to see my work and practice assignments.  
I’m focusing on responsive layouts, JavaScript logic, and React components.

---

⭐ **Thanks for visiting my GitHub profile!**

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and tech stack update
Updated project descriptions and added Node.js to tech stack.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hey, I'm Amr Ahmed Mohiry!

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/amr-mohiry-17710a217?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app"><img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/amrmohiry-bit"><img align="left" alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-black?logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>

🎯 **Junior Front-End Developer**  
💻 I build responsive, modern websites and interactive user experiences using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Node.js.

<br/>

<img align="right" alt="Tech Stack GIF" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahul-jha98/rahul-jha98/main/techstack.gif" width="360px"/>

---

### 🛠️ Languages & Technologies

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="HTML5" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="CSS3" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="React" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="Node.js" height="40" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="Git" height="40" />
</p>

---

### 💻 About Me

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Front-End Projects**
- 🌱 I’m learning **Advanced JavaScript & React**
- 👨‍💻 Most of my projects are on **GitHub**
- 💬 Ask me about **HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React**
- 📫 Let’s connect on **LinkedIn**

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Amr's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=amrmohiry-bit&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true)
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=amrmohiry-bit&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)

---

### 🚀 Projects

Check my repositories to see my **Front-End projects and assignments**.  
Each project focuses on responsive layouts, JavaScript logic, and React components.

- 🔹 Example: [](https://github.com/amrmohiry-bit/YOUR_PROJECT)
- 🔹 Add more project links here as you complete them

---

⭐ **Thanks for visiting my GitHub profile!**
